docs: add a Production Readiness guide (#4429)
cloudnative-pg/cloudnative-pg: docs/src/production_readiness.md

# Production Readiness Guide

Running a production grade PostgreSQL system requires effort and preparation. If
you're coming to CloudNativePG with PostgreSQL experience, or with other

> relational database  experience, you should already know much of what you need

Reviewer: ```suggestion
relational database experience, you should already know much of what you need
```

> to have a production-ready CNPG system, with the additional benefits brought by

Reviewer: I think we should either say CloudNativePG (CNPG) at the top and then just use CNPG in the doc or use CloudNativePG everywhere. Only commenting on this one but there are a few more usages of CNPG

the Kubernetes ecosystem.

Whether a novice or an expert, please review this document to make
sure you're production ready with CloudNativePG. The following sections should
be considered a minimum.

## Set up a regular backup regime

You should not have a database in production without taking regular backups.
CloudNativePG can help with scheduled backups, using object stores or volume
snapshots.

> See [CNPG backups documentation](https://cloudnative-pg.io/documentation/current/backup/).

Author: ```suggestion
See [CNPG backup documentation](https://cloudnative-pg.io/documentation/current/backup/).
```

## Regularly test restore from backup

Having backups is essential. It is equally essential to test those backups.

> CloudNativePG  makes it very easy to spin up a cluster from a backup. You should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CloudNativePG makes it very easy to spin up a cluster from a backup. You should
```

regularly check backups are recent and in good condition.

See [CNPG recovery documentation](https://cloudnative-pg.io/documentation/current/recovery/).

## Set up monitoring

It goes without saying, a production database should be monitored, not only for
uptime, load etc., but for space. In addition, it is vitally important to ensure
that WAL files don't pile up and potentially fill your `PGDATA` volume, or your

> dedicated WAL storage volume. The CloudNativePG Quickstart guide includes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dedicated WAL storage volume. The [CloudNativePG Quickstart guide](https://cloudnative-pg.io/documentation/current/quickstart/) includes
```

> instructions on setting up a Grafana / Prometheus monitoring system. Prometheus

Reviewer: is a semicolon too elitist?

Reviewer: speaking about line 35 at the end

Author: Not too elitist, no. But, is that right?
I've thought of the semicolon as an "incomplete". The second sentence completes the first.
In this case, the second sentence feels independent.
But if you feel the need for a semicolon, I trust you on it.

also allows you to define Alerts.

See [CNPG quickstart guide](https://cloudnative-pg.io/documentation/current/quickstart/).

Monitoring a production environment is important, and especially so with a
database.

## Know your Kubernetes environment

CloudNativePG provides a lot of functionality on top of PostgreSQL by leveraging
the Kubernetes ecosystem. There are many vendors and environments to choose
from. For your production environment you should know what to expect. For
example:

* Does your storage class support volume resizing? See
  [volume expansion documents](https://cloudnative-pg.io/documentation/current/storage/#volume-expansion).
* Do you have overly restrictive Network Policies? See
  [troubleshooting document](https://cloudnative-pg.io/documentation/current/troubleshooting/#networking).

## Have a Kubernetes installation in good working order

> We see support tickets where an investigation reveals an out-of-memory
> kubernetes installation, processors at capacity, or a network with large
> latency.
> With a compromised Kubernetes installation, you won't have a great CloudNativePG
> experience.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We see issues where an investigation reveals an out-of-memory
Kubernetes installation, processors at capacity, or a network with large
latency.
Kubernetes could be thought of as the Operating System for CloudNativePG
and as such it must be functioning properly for CloudNativePG to work reliably. 
```

## Know how basic CNPG operations work

It goes without saying that before going to production, you should know how
CloudNativePG works in practice. For example, you should test performing a
manual switchover, you should try killing your test database's primary pod and
see how soon it recovers, you should try resizing your database PVC's.

> It is also important to know how to use the debugging tools, which is the topic
> of the following section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Know how to perform some debugging steps

You should know the basics of inspecting your CloudNativePG clusters and the

> operator. The Troubleshooting documentation includes some basic steps. It would
> be recommendable that you install the suggested tools in this section:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operator. The [Troubleshooting documentation](https://cloudnative-pg.io/documentation/current/troubleshooting) includes some basic steps. It is
recommended that you install the suggested tools in this section:
```
